Apt based packages are DEB not RPM based. (#7583)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/azdata/install/deploy-install-azdata-linux-package.md

## Install with apt

>[!IMPORTANT]

> > The DEB package of the `azdata-cli` depends on the python3 package. On your system, this may be a Python version which predates the requirement of *Python 3.6.x*. If this poses an issue for you, find a replacement python3 package or follow the manual install instructions that use [`pip`](../install/deploy-install-azdata-pip.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Debian package of `azdata-cli` depends on the `python3` package. On your system, this may be a Python version which predates the requirement of *Python 3.6.x*. If this poses an issue for you, find a replacement `python3` package or follow the manual installation instructions that use [`pip`](../install/deploy-install-azdata-pip.md).
```

Reviewer: @derdanu If you don't mind merging the suggested changes, we can merge this pull request, thanks!
